chore: reject large signature advice map entries (#3472)
0xMiden/protocol: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed `faucet::mint` and `faucet::burn` failing when the asset's witness in the input vault had not already been loaded, which happened when minting into a faucet whose vault held other assets, or when burning an asset the transaction had not otherwise accessed; both procedures now request the witness from the host before updating the input vault ([#3409](https://github.com/0xMiden/protocol/pull/3409)).
- Enforced the canonical encoding of `Authority` role map values on read: `Authority::try_from_storage` now rejects a procedure-role value word whose reserved felts (`value[1..=3]`) are non-zero, matching the value-slot check and completing the fix started in [#3209](https://github.com/0xMiden/protocol/pull/3209) ([#3415](https://github.com/0xMiden/protocol/pull/3415)).
- [BREAKING] Bounded the length of the encoded signature that the transaction host's `AuthRequest` event handler takes from the advice map, so an entry planted under a signature key can no longer make the host allocate an arbitrary amount of memory ([#3472](https://github.com/0xMiden/protocol/issues/3472)).

> - [BREAKING] Renamed `Signature::to_prepared_signature` to `Signature::to_encoded_signature` ([#3472](https://github.com/0xMiden/protocol/issues/3472)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [BREAKING] Bounded the length of the encoded signature that the transaction host's `AuthRequest` event handler takes from the advice map, so an entry planted under a signature key can no longer make the host allocate an arbitrary amount of memory ([#3472](https://github.com/0xMiden/protocol/pull/3472)).
- [BREAKING] Renamed `Signature::to_prepared_signature` to `Signature::to_encoded_signature` ([#3472](https://github.com/0xMiden/protocol/pull/3472)).
```
